[49]
We were given your name by ...

We were given your name by Peter
We were given your name by Mr. Kim at TWC
We were given your name by Jimmy at our office in india
We were given your name by Ms. Tanya at Gozles & Lipton


We were given your name by Mario at your office here in Seoul
He mentioned that your firm was looking for a supplier in Spain.
As you may already know, we have offices in both Madrid and Barcelona.


mention 말하다 언급하다
firm  회사

[50]

I enjoyed talking to you at......

I enjoyed talking to you at the company party.
I enjoyed talking to you at the expo
I enjoyed talking to you at the conference in August.
I enjoyed talking to you at the reception last week.


I enjoyed talking to you at Sam & Hart's office two days ago.
I remember you were saying that you were in the market for a paper supplier, so
I thought I'd send you our most recent catalog.


[51]
We are a leading .. in Korea.

We are a leading producer of USB flash drives in Korea.
We are a leading exporter of outdoor wear in Korea.
We are a leading provider of English education content in Korea.
We are a leading online game company in Korea.

We are a leading manufacturer of office supplies in Korea.
We produce everything from paper clips to staplers
Our current domestic market share is close to 25%

[52]
We specialize in...

ergonomic :  인체공학적인...
affordable : 적정한 가격
peripheral : 주변기기
variety : 다양한
reference : 참고, 참조, 언급.

We specialize in ergonomic chairs for the office.
We specialize in affordable calculator.
We specialize in developing office designs.
We specialize in creating innovative laptop peripherals

We specialize in customized apps for clients in a variety of industries
Our clients include Global 500 companies in Asia, Europe, and South America.
The client list is attached for your reference.

[53]
We can assist you in ~ing

formulate : 만들어 내다. 세우다.
fulfill : 이행하다. 수행하다.
prefer : 선호하다.
preference : 선호
constantly : 거듭, 변함없는
specifically : 구체적인, 특별히
suit : 어울리다. 맞추다.

We can assist you in purchasing real estate in Seoul.
We can assist you in formulating an effective marketing strategy for Asia.
We can assist you in writing press releases in Korean.
We can assist you in fulfilling all your recruiting needs.

Korean consumers prefer different kinds of designs.
Also, their preferences are constantly changing
We can assist you in developing designs that are specifically suited to Korean consumers.


[54]

I'd like to send you ... / ~ 을 보내드리고 싶습니다

I'd like to send you our recent brochure.
I'd like to send you a few samples.
I'd like to send you a DVD containing our animations.
I'd like to send you some books we published last year.
I'd like to send you a list of our services.

firsthand : 직접

You might get a better idea of our products if you could see some firsthand.
I'd like to send you a few samples of the gift boxes we made for other clients.
I'll have them sent to you via air mail this week


[55]

confident : 확신하다

I'm confident we can meet your production needs.
I'm confident we can meet your marketing needs.
I'm confident we can meet your supply needs.
I'm confident we can meet all your staffing needs.


We have over 100 apartments and townhouses all across the city
They are all available for monthly or yearly rental.
So, I'm confident we can meet all your housing needs.

[56]
We are excited to announce the launch of....

We are excited to announce the launch of the new version of our bestselling software.
We are excited to announce the launch of our online ordering system.
We are excited to announce the launch of our new Web site.
We are excited to announce the launch of our first store in Toronto.

We are excited to announce the launch of the new model for JX MP3 player.
It is the culmination of three years of research, development, and product testing.
The new JX is now thinner, smaller and sturdier


culmination of : ~ 의 결실, ~의 정점
sturdy :  견고한.


[57]
It allows you to ~

It allows you to receive e-mails while you're on the road.
It allows you to upgrade as needed
It allows you to scan multiple documents at the same time.
It allows you to sit back while it does all the work


Rain? Snow? All you need is Frost Away
It allows you to drive in comfort and safety
The revolutionary fluid keeps your windshield clear in even the worst weather conditions.

windshield : 전면 유리.


[58]
It has several new elements
It has some exciting features.
It has lots of useful functions.
It has a wonderful design.

You won't be able to take your eyes off of the X65.
It has a brand new look.
Plus, it's available in three amazing colors.

[59]
We would like to explore a possible.


We would like to explore a possible joint venture.
We would like to explore a possible partnership.
We would like to explore a possible supply contract
We would like to explore a possible franchising contract

We are looking to expand into outdoor products
Your waterproof backpacks and tents could be just what we are seeking.
We would like to explore a possible exclusive distribution rights for our market.


[60]

Our combined expertise would ...

penetrate :  뚫고 들어가다.
competitive edge :  경쟁우위

Our combined expertise would enable us to penetrate the market in North America
Our combined expertise would provide bigger opportunities for both companies
Our combined expertise would give us the competitive edge in Asia
Our combined expertise would send the right message to the consumers

Taeyoung has a wide distribution network in Korea.
Your company produces great soft drinks
Our combined expertise would result in bigger market share for both companies.

[61]
I haven't received

I haven't received my order
I haven't received payment
I haven't received the refund
I haven't received the promised samples yet.
I haven't received an answer from you.


We have a serious problem
I haven't received the order placed on February 10
Could you please check up on the status of that shipment as soon as you can?


[62]
The product is ...

The product is defective.
The product is the wrong order.
The product was damaged
The product are not functioning properly

The product I received is the wrong model.
What I had ordered was your largest generator, model #L1A
What I received is the second largest, model #L2A

[63]

There is an error on ...

There is an error on the document.
There is an error on the invoice
There is an error on the bill of lading.
There is an error on the billing statement
There is an error on the spreadsheet


There is an error on the product list
On page 3, there is an entry for "Item T-107"
I believe it should be "Item T-207"


[64]
I was disappointed...

I was disappointed with the quality
I was disappointed with the service.
I was really disappointed by the lack of response.
I was quite disappointed by her rudeness
I was disappointed that no one offered to correct the problem.

Yesterday, I called Jim Moran to place an order.
And I was quite disappointed with his response.
He said that he would no longer take orders over the phone.

[65]
Please send us ...

Please send us a replacement.
Please send us a new one.
Please send us the missing items.
Please send us the corrected statements.
Please send us the original documents.

We've received our order today, but for some reason, there was no invoice for it
Please send us the invoice as soon as possible.
As you know, it takes two weeks to process payment.


[66]

We appreciate your taking the time to

We appreciate your taking the time to write us an e-mail.
We appreciate your taking the time to express your concerns
We appreciate your taking the time to tell us about the problem.
We appreciate your taking the time to give us valuable feedback on our service.

We appreciate your taking the time to tell us what happened at the store.
We fully understand why you would be upset.
Please rest assured that we will investigate the incident immediately.

[67]

We are sorry to hear...

We are sorry to hear about the incident.
We are sorry to hear about the way you were treated.
We are sorry to hear that you were dissatisfied with the service.
We are sorry to hear that the product was damaged.


freight : 화물

We are sorry to hear that your order arrived late.
As soo as we received your e-mail, we called the freight forwarder for an explanation.
They have promised an answer by tomorrow.


[68]
As you've pointed out, ...

As you've pointed out, there was a problem with the service.
As you've pointed out, that should not have happened.
As you've pointed out, the damage was caused by the typhoon.
As you've pointed out, the manager should not have acted in that manner.

As you've pointed out, you received the wrong order.
Our warehouse personnel are currently getting the correct products ready for shipment.
We will have a delivery company pick up the crate from your company this week

