[74]
I forgot to cancel the subscription
I forgot to tell you something
I forgot to bring my smartphone.
I forgot to change my clothes
I forgot to give you a receipt
I forgot to call you and tell you I wouldn't be able to make it to your wedding
I forgot to say that children under the age of 14 must be accompanied by an adult
I forgot to tell you I need to drive tonight
I was gonna ask you out for a drink. That's okay. We can just have dinner

[75]
I should have 과거분사 (p.p) ~할걸 그랬어

I should have done that
I should have done this a long time ago 
I should have asked her out on a date back then, instead of waiting this long
I should have taken care of my dog more carefully
I should have taken my father's advice and got that job
I should have told you I was bringing my girlfriend
I should have turned down that offer

I almost forgot to tell you this. Your son is playing soccer with other kids
I shouldn't have let him out in the first place. He need to study

[76]
At first I thought 주어+동사
At first I thought it was just romance
At first I thought he was samrt, but he wasn't even able to solve a very simple question
At first I thought you were trustworthy, but then I realized you lied to me the whole time.
At first I thought he was joking, but then I realized he was not.
At first I thought it was useless, but then I realized it was very useful

At first, I thought it was too expensive, but now I see why
Thanks for saying that. I'm pretty sure this is the best in the market

[77]
Who would have thought (that) 주어+동사 ~라고 누가 생각이나 했겠어?
Who would have thought that I would miss such weather?

Who wolud have thought (that) learning a new language could be so much fun?
Who would have thought (that) all those student loans could ruin my life?
Who would have thought (that) this little guy would become a world champion?
Who would have thought (that) marijuna could be used as a painkiller?
Who would have thought Youtube would become this popular?
You don't even know how fast this world is changing. It's just crazy

[78]
The first thing I do in the morning is to check the fine dust index
The first thing you should do to pass this test is not miss class
The first thing I'm gonna do once I got to France is visit Eiffel Tower
The first thing you would do is bond with your roommates
The first thing I'm gonna do is unpack our stuff and go for a walk

What are you gonna do first once you are selected as a lottery winner?
The first thing I want to do is buy a house in Seoul

[79]
It's getting ~해져 가고 있다
It's getting worse every year

It's getting dark
It's getting better and better
It's getting closer
It's getting stronger and stronger
It's getting pretty serious
It's getting pretty complicated at this point

I think I gotta go. It's getting late
It's a shame you have to go. How about I drive you home?

[80]
I didn't realize (that) 주어+동사 - 나 ~인 줄 몰랐어
I didn't realize the fine dust was so bad

I didn't realize you wanted to get some advice from me
I didn't realize how late it was
I didn't realize you were going to be here
I didn't realize I hurt you that much
I didn't realize I didn't lock the door
I didn't realize you were the mayor of the city

I'm getting hungry. I didn't realize I was awake for 24 hours without a single meal
Let's go get some pizza. Then you gotta get some sleep for sure

[81]
They decided not to collect Styrofoam
I decided not to call my parents
I decided not to go there
I decided not to make fun of hime
We decided not to dress up
We decided not to fire him
They decided sell this item any more

At first I thought hw was a cool guy who I can joke with. But, he wasn't
I knew that already. That's why I decided not to joke in front of him

[82]
Are you expecting me to 동사원형 ~ ? 저 보고 ~ 하라는 거예요?
Are you expecting me to do all this?

Are you expecting me to go there?
Are you expecting me to sing?
Are you expecting me to explain this?
Are you expecting me to stay home and just wait for the result?
Are you expecting me to talk with Indian accent?
Are you expecting me to quit this?

Are you expecting me to kneel down and beg? I told you "I'm sorry"
I got the feeling that your apology was not sincere

[83]
They say the minimal life is the way to go
They say money can't buy happiness
They say just create content and people will come
They say you shouldn't judge a book by its cover
They say the degree opens the door to experience, knowledge and opportunities

I think we should get back together. I can't even breathe without you.
I'm not sure. They say you can't put the genie back in the bottle

[84]
What does this have to do with living expenses?
What does this have to do with me?
What does this have to do with your performance?
What does this have to do with Google?
What does this have to do with his background?
What does this have to do getting more subscribers?


I don't get it. What does this have to do with me?
It's because you are his best friends
But, that doesn't mean I did commit a crime with him

[85]
I don't believe in marriage
I don't believe in private education
I don't believe in hitting kids
I don't believe in fate
I don't believe in true love
I don't believe in miracles
I don't believe in selling things I have never used

I don't believe in luck
Yeah. All the successful people I've met have put lots of efforts into what they do

[86]
Even if I do get married, I don't want any children
Even if you work out every day, it does hurt if you sit more than 8 hours
Even if I get the job, I'm worried that I might not like it
Even if it rains tomorrow, I will go out for a walk
Even if I fall in love with someone, I won't forget you

Let me give you some advice. Even if you're nervous, just go for it
Do you think it's worth giving it a shot? If I don't stand a chance, then why even try?

[87]
주어 seem 형용사, to 부정사/It seems like 주어 + 동사 : ~ 인것 같아, ~ 처럼 보여

They don't seem all that happy
You seem really sad
You seem a little too young to be married
You seem to know it better than I do
It seems like a lot of people spend too much in front of screens
It seems like you were born yesterday
It seems like you're getting stronger and stronger every year

You look toned. It seems like you're very motivated to work out
Even though I'm busy these day, I try to work out every single day

[88]
You will never be free from that as long as you live in Korea
As long as you're here with me, I'm okay
As long as you read this book from cover to cover, you will see why I recommend it
As long as you promise to keep it to yourself, I will tell you what happened
As long as you keep working on it, you can master anything.

I'm about to go on the stage. I'm so nervous
No worries. As long as you stay focused, you will be fine.

[89]
I always tried my best to communicate with them sincerely
I tried my best to be a good teacher
I tried my best to think about the pros and cons of the issue
I tried my best to stay away from hanging out with bad guys
I tried my best to raise my kids as best as I can
I tried my best to be nice to my students
I tried my best to break it down and explain easily

I've always tried my best to be the best student
Even though you did something stupid once, I admit you have been one of my best students.

[90]
I put my best efforts to improve the quality of my videos
I put my best efforts to develop my skills
I put my best efforts to guide you to the right direction
I put my best efforts to take care of your kids as much as I can
I put my best efforts to follow your instruction
I put my best efforts to get this project done by tomorrrow

I heard that Mark Cuban is going to be in town next month. Can you bring him on the shwo?
I put my best efforts to bring home on the show

[91]
How long does it take to make on video?
How long does it take to get there?
How long does it take to learn a new language?
How long does it take to get to your workplace by bus?
How long does it take to complete the work?
How long does it take to create one YouTube video?
How long does it take to get my phone fixed?

How long does it take to feel comfortable in your class?
It usually takes 3 months as long as you keep following my instruction 

[92]
It used to take me almost all day
I used to live here
I used to play soccer on a professional team
I used to eat a ramen a day
I used to smoke a lot
I used to volunteer at a nursing home
I used to go to church every Sunday

I can't believe your're an English teacher
I used to hate English, but for some reason, I started to like it so much

[93]
I got better at it as time passed
I got better at remembering the names of my students
I got better at speaking English over the years
I got better at programming
I got better at keeping track of money
I got better at running my onw company over time
I got better at choosing the right content to present to the audience

It's amazing you've improved a lot since I met you
I put my best efforts into this. That's why I got better at it.

[94]
How come I'm not getting more subscribers?
How come you didn't show up the other day?
How come you didn't hand in your work?
How come I am so nervous whenever I see her?
How come you're not playing me back?
How come nobody told me about that?

How come you didn't come over my house the other day?
Oh. I'm sorry. Something came up


