[144]
We can see an increase over time
We can see a difference here
We can see a definite change during the summer months
We can see that viewership peaked in August
We can see that the new TV commercial helped sales

Let me just pause here to talk about this bar graph
See the drop after 2010? We can see that there was a problem in the following year.

[145]
Let's compare the two types
Let's compare the three designs
Let's compare the styles
Let's compare Korea to Japan
Let's compare the black version with the white one

Let's compare our product with a competitor's
While ours has more features, theirs is cheaper
The big question is which one will come out on top in the marketplace

[146]
Sales have rapidly increased.
Sales have steadily decreased
Sales have recovered last month
Sales have nearly doubled
Sales have been improving

Now, let's look at this quarter's financial data in detail
Sales have been falling since November
And profits have been going down, too

[147]
The change is due to mismanagement
The change is due to a lot of different things
The change is due to the recent economic downturn
The change is due to the factors shown on this chart
The change is partly due to this year's unusually dry weather.

Here we see a steady growth in profits
The change is partly due to the product's growing popularity
Another reason is better management.

[148]
That covers my presentation
That covers everything I wanted to say
That covers my talk on the new drug
That covers all the points

Finally, Auqa Damyang is scheduled to open this summer
And yes, we expect a huge turnout
That covers my talk on the new water park

[149]
Let me finish with this quote
Let me finish with a short summary
Let me finish with a suggestion
Let me finish by repeating the main points
Let me finish by stressing the last point

Let me finish with a recent photo of downtown Seoul
So why am I showing this?
I show this so you can all see how modern the city is.

[150]
Now, do you have any questions?
Now, do you have any comments?
Now, do you have any ideas?
Now, do you have any stories you want to share?

Now, do you have any questions about the motor show?
Yes, you at the front? Your name?
Yeah, I'm Julianne with GT Motors
Hi Julianne. What is your question?

[151]
That's a great question
That's an excellent question
That's a very valid question
That's an interesting question

Tina? You had a question?
Yeah. I was curious about how much each model costs.
That's a really good question. And I'm glad you asked that.

[152]
Thank you everyone for listening
Thank you everyone for attending
Thank you everyone for coming
Thank you everyone for your attention
Thank you everyone for giving me the chance to speak

Thank you everyone for coming this afternoon
You've been a great audience
I hope you've enjoyed the time as much as I have

[153]
Welcome, everyone.
Welcome to our second meeting
Welcome to our headquarters
Welcome everyone to the meeting
Welcome back to our ongoing discussions

I think we're all ready to start
Welcome everyone to the initial discussions
I would like to thank Mr. Lu's team from Outdoor Life Singapore for flying all the way to Korea.

[154]
On our last meeting, we heard your ideas.
On our last meeting, we discussed your proposal
On our last meeting, we talked about the schedule.
On our last meeting, we agreed on many important issues.

Welcome back, everyone
On our last meeting, we finalized the payment terms
Today, we should focus on other issues, such as the number of staff and the development period

[155]
Today, we hope to reach an agreement
Today, we hope to discuss all the terms
Today, we hope to work out most of the details
Today, we hope to talk about the possibility of a partnership

Today, we hope to agree on the contract price
And like last time, I'm sure we will have a very productive discussion
Okay, let's look at the agenda

[156]
You've all seen our proposal
You've all seen our presentation
You've all seen the company brochure
You've all seen the ideas for the design
You've all seen the agenda

You've all seen the new proposal
As you know, it now includes an accelerated manufacturing schedule.
It also outlines the payment terms

[157]
Basically, we would like to get a contract
Basically, we would like to form a long-term partnership
Basically, we would like to be your supplier
Basically, we would like to offer our services
Basically, we would like to discuss ways we can work together

Cello Trade has been in business for over two decades
We're currently looking for the right partner in North America
Basically, we would like to work with your company

[158]
It's essential for us to receive payment in advance
It's essential for us to understand every aspect to the PR campaign
It's essential for us to get your honest feedback
It's essential for us to wrap up negotiation by next week

We've all been doing business together since 2002
And this project is our largest one yet.
So, It's essential for us to work out our difference

[159]
That is less of a priority
Market share is less of a priority
Pricing is less of a priority
Design is less of priority
Finding a distributor is less of a priority

Renovating the existing stores is less of a priority
We plan to do that in phases
What we want to focus on is creating a brand new concept together

[160]
Now, why don't we hear from your side?
Now, why don't we hear some of your ideas?
Now, why don't we turn to your presentation?
Now, why don't we listen to your proposal

That's why we asked you to meet with us today
Do you have any questions at this point?
All right
Now, why don't we take a look at your drawings?

[161]
Is that a fair summary of your position?
Is that how you see it?
Is that okay with you?
Is that acceptable?
Is that what you're saying?

July and August are not good months for us.
So you're talking about summer? The whole season. Is that correct?
Actually, not the whole summer. It's just those two months.


[162]
Your priority, then, is the cost
Your priority, then, is the timing
Your priority, then, is quality
Your priority, then, is being able to control the project
Your priority, then, is continuing your relationship with this client

More than anything, innovation is what makes us who we are
I see, your priority, then is being able to showcase the new design
Not just the design. We want to be able to flaunt the new functions as well


[163]
So you're offering a compromise?
So you're offering a new deal?
So you're offering twenty percent?
So you're offering to pay for shipping?
So you're offering to sell the property?

I have to say, we're pretty impressed with your client list.
We'd like to explore the possibility of working with you.
So you're offering a contract?
Well, obviously we have to work out a few critical issues first

[164]
Could you be more specific about the date?
Could you be more specific about the tasks involved?
Could you be more specific about what you mean?
Could you be more specific about why you feel that way?

The Latin American market holds great potential
We think you can help us to look into the market
Could you be more specific about our possible role?
We'd like you to conduct a series of market research

[165]
To be more specific, the landscaping price is 10% over our budget
To be more specific, the best we can offer is 45 days
To be more specific, we want a brighter color scheme
To be more specific, the warranty needs to include parts

To be more specific, we can only allow FDA- approved drugs
Does that mean drugs approved by EMA are also excluded?
Yes, I'm afraid so

[166]
Maybe I should clarify that.
Maybe I should add a comment
Maybe I should expand on that
Maybe I should be more direct
Maybe I should rephrase that


Maybe I should give you a real-life example
Last year, there was a strike at a supplier's factory
It lasted over a month, Everyone lost out

[167]
How important is that to you?
How important is this item to you?
How important is schedule to you?
How important is branding to you?

How important is R&D to you?
Obviously, it's important, Why do you ask?
Well, we have one of the best research facilities in Korea
That means we can customize the product to your needs

[168]
We would require a letter of credit
We would require a written contract
We would require a director's signature
We would require a five-year warranty
We would require a credit check

We would require a formal proposal. Otherwise, we can't obtain an approval
Do you have a specific format for proposal?
We do, actually. I can get you a digital file of the format right now

[169]
That would depend on you.
That would depend on the final price
That would depend on the season
That would depend on the weather conditions
That would depend on who is responsible

When can we expect the first order?
That would depend on the results of today's meeting. If everything gets finalized, you could get an order as early as next week.
Great. Shall we continue then?

[170]
We propose a lump sum price of $1,000,000
We propose the following
We propose an exclusivity agreement
We propose to provide materials only
We propose to purchase the remaining inventory for $122,000

We propose a 50:50 joint venture
50-50? Would you be open to giving us a majority share?
I can appreciate why you would want that, Harriet
But I'm afraid it would have to be an even split

[171]
We're prepared to offer a new deal.
We're prepared to sign an MOU
We're prepared to allow an inspection
We're prepared to accept your proposal
We're prepared to move onto the next stage

We're prepared to offer you a sizable discount
That's good to hear. We appreciate that
But int return, we would need for you to sign a confidentiality agreement

[172]
I'm afraid that's a little risky
I'm afraid that's a little slow
I'm afraid that's a little high
I'm afraid that's a little low
I'm afraid that's a little too much

How soon can you get your engineers to our offices?
It depends on when we conclude our discussions.
But we probably could have them in Seattle in two weeks
I'm afraid that's a little late

[173]
Perhaps we could consider a new approach
Perhaps we could consider some alternatives
Perhaps we could consider moving the date
Perhaps we could consider contacting another expert

Your landscaping estimate is 20% higher than our own. So what do we do?
Perhaps we could consider decreasing the number of trees
That would be impossible. If anything we need more trees

[174]
We can accept that if you reduce the price
We can accept that if you guarantee delivery in three months
We can accept that if you extend the warranty period
We can accept that if you provid the equipment

We would like to ask for a 5% discount on this particular item.
How about it?
That's rather steep cut. All right, how about this?
We can accept that if you pay for shipping
Let's take a short break so my team can discuss it


[175]
We might be able to accept that.
We might be able to lower the price
We might be able to offer an additional discount
We might be able to meet you halfway

I'd hate to see us walking away because of this one item. I'll tell you what. Let's delete this item, and you pay for the consultant
We might be able to secure tha budget for that.

[176]
Your offer doesn't meet our requirements
Your offer doesn't include shipping fees
Your offer doesn't offer much selection
Your offer doesn't specify individual tasks

Your offer doesn't have itemized prices
Oh, we didn't realize you wanted a more detailed breakdown
Well, you do have separated prices for each stage
But we would like more detail.

[177]
The major obstacle is the price
The major obstacle is the payment terms
The major obstacle is the warranty period
The major obstacle is the proposed completion data

Could you tell me what you feel might be the problem here?
The major obstacle is the quantity. The number should be smaller
Then why don't we go with 90,000 instead of 100,000

[178]
Could we deal with that at a later time
Could we deal with that after this?
Could we deal with that when we come to that topic?
Could we deal with that before we finish today?
Could we deal with that this afternoon?

Would that be by air freight or regular ocean freight?
Could we deal with that tomorrow? We should finish talking about production first
Of course, Please go on


[179]
We're not convinced that's your best offer
We're not convinced the weather is the real reason
We're not convinced you can meet the deadline.
We're not totally convinced it has the same quality as your competitor's

Sorry Paul.
We're not convinced that's the right option
If we accepted that, we would wind up losing too much money.

[180]
Please rest assured that it will be delivered on time
Please rest assured that we will honor the warranty
Please rest assured that our CEO will sign it
Please rest assured that our factories are capable of producing that quantity.

What if your government has problems with it?
Please rest assured that the government will approve the deal
We've already had informal discussions with key people in the ministry
Hmm, that's good news.

[181]
We've agreed to the following
We've agreed to continue our discussions tomorrow
We've agreed to execute an MOU
We've agreed on extending the contract date
We've agreed on all the items

That summarizes the main points we discussed today.
And We've agreed to meet again next week to go over the other points
Did I miss anything?

[182]
I'd like to book a flight to Kansas
I'd like to book a flight to Korea
I'd like to book a flight to Singapore
I'd like to book a round-trip flight to L.A

I'd like to book a flight to Seoul
Sure. For what day?
I need a flight for tomorrow. The airline doesn't matter.
Okay. Would that be one-way or round-trip?

[183]
How much is the ticket?
How much is first class?
How much is a one-way ticket?
How much is a round-trip ticket?
How much is a the package?

Would that be coach?
How much is business ticket?
Let's see It's ... $1,250, tax included
That's a little over my budget. How much is coach?

[184]
I have to leave by Monday
I have to return on July 2.
I have to take the next flight
I have to cancel my flight
I have to change my flight

What date do you want to change to?
I have to get on the next flight
Right now, we only have first class seats available
I guess I don't have much choice. I'll take first class

[185]
I'm here on business
I'm here on vacation
I'm here for a conference
I'm here to meet with a client
I'm here to visi a supplier

What is the purpose of your visit?
I'm here for an electronics fair in Chicago.
How long will you be staying in the U.S?
I'm only here for three days

[186]
Can you take me to the nearest hotel?
Can you take me to the airport?
Can you take me to the train station?
Can you take me to the this address?

Can you take me to eht Orange Building?
Do you mean the one on Fairview Avenue?
I'm not sure, but it's next to a park, I think
Ah-hah, yeah, I know where it is

[187]
Is there a bus that goes there?
Is there a flight that goes there?
Is there a subway line that goes there?
Is there a train that goes there?

Can you help me? I'm trying to get to Berkeley
Berkeley? Wow, that's a whole different city
Is there a tram that goes there?
I don't know about a tram, but you can certainly take the bus





















