[101]
Let's start with ....

Let's start with the first item
Let's start with old business
Let's start with the presentation
Let's start with a recap of our last meeting

Let's start with Tina's report. Tina, are you all set to go?
Yeah, I am ready
Okay, what do you have for us today.


[102]
What's your view on ... ?


What's your view on this?
What's your view on all this?
What's your view on his comment?
What's your view on the proposal?
What's your view on her suggestion?

Paula, you've heard Steve's opinion. What's your view on that?
I need more information before I can fully agree, but...

But,
But Steve does have a point.

[103]

As I see it ...
As I see it, they are doing a bad job.
As I see it, that is mistake.
As I see it, the budget is too low
As I see it, there's only one solution.
As I see it, we need to focus on delivery

As I see it, we would need three people for that.
Can you elaborate on that?
One person has to operate the forklift. Another assists, and the last person takes inventory
I see what you mean.

[104]
I think that's ...

I think that's a great idea.
I think that's a bad idea
I think that's the clear-cut solution
I don't think that's the right decision
I don't think that's what he said

What is your ivew on Bert's comment?
I don't think that's a good idea.
Why not?
Because we don't have all the data yet. So we would only be making an assumption

[105]

I agree with...

I agree with him.
I agree with that.
I agree with the first point
I totally agree with everything you said.
I sort of agree with you

Annie, you don't look convinced. you don't agree?
Well, I agree with most of what you said
Most? Which part don't you agree with?
I don't agree with the part about the supplier. We should go with a different supplier


[106]
I'm not sure I agree with ...

I'm not sure I agree with them.
I'm not sure I agree with you.
I'm not sure I agree with his plan.
I'm not sure I agree with that point
I'm not sure I agree with the last opinion


I'm not sure I agree with either you or Tina
Why not?
Neither of you have a solution that's viable
Can I hear your opinion then? What would you suggest?

[107]
That's good point, but..

That's good point, but I can't agree
That's good point, but what about the second problem?
That's good point, but we need something more concrete
That's good point, but you left out an important issue.

I'm convinced we should reject their offer. It's way too low
That's good point, but what choice do we have?
I don't think it's about choices. It's about profits
Yes, it is about profits. But we have no other choice.

[108]
Sorry, can I interrupt you for a second?
Sorry, can I say something here?
Sorry, can I just add something>
Sorry, can I ask you to repeat that?
Sorry, can I comment on that?

Yoon has already agreed to go with me, So I think...
Sorry, can I interrupt you right there?
Sure, Yoon. You have something to add?

No, I just want to clarify that I didn't agree to go with you.


[109]

Could you .. ?

Could you give me an example?
Could you explain that more in detail?
Could you clarify that?
Could you be more specific?
Could you tell me why?

We don't know when the board will meet.
You know, I heard they're meeting next week. Friday, I think.
Could you tell me where you got that information.?
I got it from a reliable source. A board member told me.


[110]
Are you saying (that) .... ?

Are you saying (that) we should do nothing?
Are you saying (that) we need to redo the landscaping?
Are you saying (that) I take it up with the client?
Are you saying (that) you will do it?

I don't understand why the generator won't start. That's your specialty, isn't it?
Look, we did everything by the book. and we double-checked everything
Are you saying that it is our fault?
I'm not saying that at all. I don't think it's anyone's fault.



[111]

What I mean is ...

What I mean is I don't agree.
What I mean is you're right.
What I mean is we have to stop dealing with them.
What I mean is the CEO probably won't agree.

Barbara, our company is now in the top ten
Yes, but in terms of technology, we're not there yet.
What do you mean by "not there yet"?
What I mean is we're still purchasing key components


[112]
How about -ing ?

How about creating a TFT?
How about calling a meeting?
How about postponing the opening?
How about simply letting them continue?
How about just going through with it?

What exactly is the problem?
We have a bug in the software. It will take some time to fix it.
How about delaying the launch? The date hasn't been announced yet
You're right. I guess that's what we will have to


[113]
We have to act decisively.
We have to restructure
We have to expand into new markets.
We have to stop the project now.
We have to recognize their contribution

So how do we remedy this situation? Issue a massive recall?
We have to call a press conference. And we have to do that immediately
And then what would we tell the reporters?
We tell them the truth

[114]
Does anyone...?

Does anyone have an opinion about this?
Does anyone agree with Harry?
Does anyone disagree with that?
Does anyone want to add anything?
Does anyone have a different view?


Does anyone want to propose a different option?
I do. I think we should consider building the factory in Ulsan.
Ah, that's certainly different from Mary's opinion. Why Ulsan?
We already have supplier there. In China, we don't

[115]
Let's hear from Ted.
Let's hear from the task force team
Let's hear from this side of the room
Let's hear from someone else


Thank you, AI, for your thoughts
Okay, we got a lot of opinions from the project team, but we heard nothing form the head office staff.
So Let's hear from Mr Kim

[116]
Maybe we should...


Maybe we should adjourn for now
Maybe we should take a short break
Maybe we should table it
Maybe we should discuss this in detail.
Maybe we should put it to a vote

All right, everyone, let's just stop right there
We're not getting anywhere discussing this item to death
Maybe we should come back to it later.
Thanks, Stella. That's an excellent idea.

[117]
Now, let's move onto the next item.

Now, let's move onto another item.
Now, let's move onto the last topic
Now, let's move onto the issue of staffing.

I think that's everything we want to discuss on that.
Now let's move onto a different item
We need to discuss the ongoing problem of inventory control

[118]
We'll deal with this item next time.
We'll discuss the scheduling next time
We'll vote on the proposal next time
We'll make the decision next time
We'll hear your report next time

Unfortunately, we're out of time
We'll talk about this item again next time
Okay, I think we've covered everything.

[119]
Before we finish, is there any...?

Before we finish, is there anything I missed?
Before we finish, is there any other business?
Before we finish, is there any questions?
Before we finish, is there any more ideas?
Before we finish, is there any last comments?

Before we finish, is there anything else?
Yeah, I have a quick question.
Sure, Jane. What is it?
Did you want me to join the new team? I wasn't sure.

[120]
Why don't I summarize the main points?
Why don't I summarize everything we discussed?
Why don't I summarize the important decisions?
Why don't I summarize what we accomplished today?

Why don't I summarize the key issues we discussed today?
We talked about last quarter's advertisement expenses, this quarter's budget, and the ad proposal from
Timely & Nest agency


[121]
We've decided ...

We've decided on the subcontractor
We've decided on the date for the trip.
We've decided to ask Accounting to redo the numbers.
We've decided to have Joe head up the team.
We've decided to send out an e-mail to the client

Let's go over the decisions.
We've decided to negotiate with the consultant from Australia
We also decided on the location for third store

[122]
Our next meeting is on Tuesday
Our next meeting is on December 2
Our next meeting is set for next month.
Our next meeting is at the head office

Anna will e-mail everyone the minutes.
Our next meeting is in May.
The exact date hasn't been set yet

[123]
My name is Y.S Kim a manager at Horan

My name is Joe Park, the project manager.
My name is Stephanie Lee with Tiger Product
My name is Larry Cheon, from Seoul, Korea.


I've met most of you earlier, but let me go ahead and introduce myself
My name is T.S Woo
I'm a senior consultant with Lee & Baek in Incheon, Korea.



[124]

I'm going to talk about the sales figures
I'm going to talk about our product line
I'm going to talk about the new project
I'm going to talk about the sales strategy
I'm going to talk about the proposed budget

Hello everyone. Thank you so much for inviting me here to talk
As you know, I'm Yoon kIM with Seoul Products
And I'm going to talk about how our products can increase your company's sales.


[125]
And I will be brief
And I will keep it short.
And I will just give you a summary
And I will only be providing an outline.

I realize there are other speakers after me.
And I will be going through my talk quickly
After my talk, I will be passing out a handout that contains more details.

[126]
My talk will consist of two sections
My talk will consist of three main parts.
My talk will consist of three stages.
My talk will consist of four topics
My talk will consist of three areas

I plan to say a few words about the new role-playing game, The Warriors of Lee
And I'll be quite brief
My talk will consist of just two parts.
One, the development time, and two, the launch date.


[127]
You can ask questions any time.
You can ask questions now.
You can ask questions after my talk
You can ask questions during my talk
You can ask questions after the break

My presentation is three hours long.
So we'll be talking a break after each hour
You can ask questions right after the first break

[128]

I will be talking for only ten minutes
I will be talking for an hour or so
I will be talking for half an hour
I will be talking for just a few minutes
I will be talking for two hours

Thank you for having me here.
You can ask questions any time during my presentation
And I will be talking for less than an hour

[129]
I'd like to start with a question
I'd like to start with a famous quote
I'd like to start with this photo
I'd like to start with the first item

I'd like to start with a story.
You all know this story well because it is a story about you.
In fact, this is the story about all of us in this room

[130]
What if you can double your profits?
What if we could live longer?
What if I told you that I can fly?
What if your customers asked you this question?

What if one day you suddenly found yourself in the future?
I know that sounds far-fetched, but that's basically what our customers tell us about this device.
This little thing makes you feel like you are living in the future.

[131]
Let's turn to the next item
Let's turn to the problem itself
Let's turn to the the numbers
Let's turn to our second-quarter earnings
Let's turn to our first competitor

Let's turn to the second design.
Look at that
See how colorful the wallpaper is?
I'm happy to say sales have been better than expected

[132]
I'd like to add that sales have fallen.
I'd like to add that no one knows why
I'd like to add that this was last year
I'd like to add that its future is uncertain
I'd like to add that the device didn't work

I'd like to add that we did everything we could.
Still, the project continued to lose money.
The we came up with a creative solution


[133]
On a side note, the result were amazing
On a side note, we finished on time
On a side note, they did a great job.
On a side note, everyone had a good time

On a side note, other countries also got a lot of snow that year.
So it wasn't just Korea
That was really good news for us, because our sales increased

[134]
Let's come back to the slide
Let's come back to the graph
Let's come back to the second issue
Let's come back to the first point
Let's come back to what I was saying about the work force

Let's come back to the matter of overseas offices
As I was saying, we are now down to five offices
We had to close two in the last several years


[135]
As I said earlier, we need to act quickly
As I said earlier, Europe is the key.
As I said earlier, this year will be different
As I said earlier, the company is in trouble

As I said earlier, sales are on the way up
But this won't last forever
One thing is quite clear here
We will need to increase our R&D spending


[136]
I want to stress this point
I want to stress the importance of tha region
I want to stress the significance of the contract
I want to stress that the conditions were ripe
I want to stress that is wasn't illegal

The storm was devastating. 
It caused a lot of damage to our warehouse
Mostly is was water damage
But, I want to stress that no one was hurt during the storm

[137]
For instance, ABC corp has successfully entered the North American market
For instance, people use the subway, the bus or a taxi
For instance, we can ask for a meeting
For instance, France is an untapped market

Consumers change brands all the time
And they do it for many different reasons.
For instance, let's say a woman gets married
On her honeymoon, she starts to use her husband's brand of toothpaste

[138]
That is why the client balked
That is why the situation got worse
That is why we're here today
That is why the company won the award
That is why we were unable to ask for more time.

In less than ten years, they will catch up with our technology
In fact, they may even surpass us
That is why we have to act now

[139]

In the same way, we can do a beta test
In the same way, sales of paper products have dropped
In the same way, the Korean government made a statement.
In the same way, let's offer them a solution

You can't perform a new song if you don't have the musical score.
And you can't explore new territory if you don't have the map
In the same way, we can't build this if we don't have a blueprint

[140]
On the other hand, the morale is high
On the other hand, there are more options than before.
On the other hand, the second half of the year wasn't as good
On the other hand, we might have a way to convince the analysts

As you know, the electronics show in Japan was a huge success. The media just loved it
On the other hand, German show was a failure