[74]
If you have any ...., please let me know.

If you have any question, please let me know.
If you have any concerns, please let me know.
If you have any comments, please let me know.
If you have anything I can assist you with, please let me know.


If you have any questions or comments about this book, please let me know.
Sincerely yours,
Kevin Kyung


[75]
It's a pleasure to....

It's a pleasure to be here
It's a pleasure to have you here
It's a pleasure to see you again.
It's a pleasure to finally meet you

It's a pleasure to meet everyone
The pleasure is ours. This is certainly a beautiful office.
Thank you. It was only recently renovated
Is that right? I really like the color scheme

[76]
How are things.. ?

How are things in Boston?
How are things at the office?
How are things with your kids?
How are things with your team?
How are things with everyone there?

Eve, how have you been?
I've been doing great. And you?
I can't complain. How are things with your family?
Good. My husband says hi, by the way.

[77]
The last time we ... was ~

The last time we talked was in July
The last time we saw each other was last year
The last time we met was in 2010
The last time we negotiated was years ago.


It's been a long time, Molly
Yeah, long time. The last time we did something like this was 2 years ago?
Oh, it might actually be longer than that. Maybe 3 years.
Wow, how time flies.

[78]
Let me introduce you to ....

Let me introduce you to J.K, our CEO.
Let me introduce you to our director.
Let me introduce you to John McNeal.
Let me introduce you to my personal assistant Cindy.
Let me introduce you to everyone.

Pamela? Let me introduce you to my boss, S.H.KIM.
Is that him right there? The one with the blue necktie.
Well no. That's the caterer S.H is the man by the door there.
You know, I might have met him before.


[79]
Is this your first ...?

Is this your first time in Seoul?
Is this your first trip to Korea?
Is this your first meeting with us?
Is this your first project for us?
Is this your first visit to our office?

Is this your first tour of our plant?
Yes, I was in Ulsan last year but didn't get a chance then.
That's right. Jay Kim told me you were here for one day
Yes, I was too busy going over the contract with him.








