This is regarding~


This is regarding your last e-mail.
This is regarding your recent behavior.
This is regarding the new mall project.
This is regarding the CEO's memo.
This is regarding the upcoming meeting.

This is regarding the new vacation policy. I feel it is unfair for the employees working outside of Asia.
There are two important reasons

Thank you for your order.
Thank you for sending me the photos.
Thank you for responding so quickly.
Thank you very much for your feedback.
Thank you so much for the invitation.

Thank you so much for sending me your presentation slides.
They were beautifully designed.
I can easily see why the audience was so impressed yesterday.

As you requested,...

As you requested, I'm attaching the report.
As you requested, your reservation has been canceled.
As you requested, here's the update.
As you requested, we've sent you the sample by air mail.
As you requested, the date has now been changed to May 15.

As you requested, I've asked Joey Simms to send you a copy of the specifications.
From what I understand, it's a fairly big file.
So it will probably take you a while to get through it.

take a while : 시간이 걸리다.

To answer your question, ... / In response to your question ...

To answer your question, yes, I did call him.
To answer your question, I will have to say no.
To answer your question, Ms. Anderson will be arriving this Wednesday.
To answer your question, I'm still not convinced.

convince : 확신하다

To answer your question, I need more time to think about it.
I appreciate the offer, of course, but it's a big decision to make on my part.
I will let you know my decision very soon.


We are happy to ... / We are pleased to / It is our pleasure to...


We are happy to get the good news!
We are happy to announce the opening of our first store in New York.
We are happy to inform you that your application has been approved.
We are happy to say that the delay was only temporary.

inform : 알리다. / 알아내다.
approve : 승인하다.

We are happy to accept your proposal to supply furniture for our new Detroit office.
As we told you on Wednesday, we require delivery by early April.
A draft of the supply contract is attached for your review.


We regret to inform you that ~ / Regretfully / Unfortunately


accommodate :   수용하다

We regret to inform you that Mr. Lee will be in Spain on that date.
We regret to inform you that we cannot accommodate your request.
We regret to inform you that we no longer produce that model.
We regret to inform you that the board rejected the plan.



We regret to inform you that we are forced to put the new Arizona project on hold.
Despite this unfortunate setback, we are committed to working closely with you on the Taiwan project.

put ~ on hold. ~ 을 보류하다
be forced to ~ 하도록 강요당하다
despite ~ 에도 불구하고
setback : 차질
commit 약속하다

Congratulations on... / I'd like to congratulate you on... / My congratulations to you on...

Congratulations!

Congratulations on your promotion.
Congratulations on a job well done!
Congratulations on the success of the ad campaign.
Congratulations on winning the contract.


Congratulations on your new position as director.
Everyone in my team was delighted at the news.
Your certainly deserve the promotion.

delight :기뻐하다
deserve : ~ 를 받을만 하다
promotion : 승격 / 승진 / 홍보


My name is ..., with~ / I'm ..., with ~

My name is John S, with TSO Korea.
My name is Chil, with P&T
My name is Tim, with Hwarang Imports
My name is Tiger Lee, with Golf Ace Korea.

Dear Mr. Hamel:
My name is Grace Han, with Incheon Containers.
In the past, I worked closely with Jan McDongal from your shipping department.


In my last e-mail, I forgot to ... / I didn't ... in my last e-mail.


In my last e-mail, I forgot to attach the report.
In my last e-mail, I forgot to mention one thing.
In my last e-mail, I forgot to add the following information.
In my last e-mail, I forgot to tell you dates.
In my last e-mail, I forgot to give you my contact number.

In my last e-mail, I forgot to tell you about Bill's role.
Bill will be contracting the client directly from now on.
Then he'll share any information he gets with the rest of us.


This is for your files.
This is for your reference.
This is for your eyes only
This is for your review.
This is for your perusal

approval : 승인
attorneys : 변호사, 대리인.

This is for your final approval
Let me know if you're satisfied with this draft.
I need to send it off to the attorneys ASAP.

I'm attaching ... / I've attached... / is/are attached

I'm attaching our order
I'm attaching the agenda
I'm attaching the photos you asked for.
I'm attaching the minutes in PDF
I'm attaching the estimate in Excel.

minutes : 회의록 / 분
estimate : 견적서


I'm finally done with the new design.
I'm attaching it in JPEG
Take a look at it. and let me know what you think.


Here is ...

Here is the information I promised you.
Here is the Web site address.
Here is the company's answer.
Here are the problems we have so far.
Here are some questions to consider.

so far : 지금까지

Here are the interview dates
July 2

I'm forwarding you her email.
I'm forwarding you the two price lists.
I'm forwarding you the memo from the VP.
I'm forwarding you the e-mail  I got from Jin International.
I'm forwarding you my itinerary

itinerary : 여행일정표


Alex at Sanford Development is quite upset about the changes.
I'm forwarding you the email he sent me.
Bear in mind that this is for your eyes only

Bear in mind 유념하다




Could you send me an estimate?
Could you forward me his e-mail?
Could you e-mail him the files?
Could you talk to her for me?
Could you write a review of the product?

For some reason, I can't reach Sandra by e-mail.
Could you tell her I've received the sketches.
I know she wanted to make sure that I got them.

We are pleased to invite you to~~
We are happy to invite you to ~
You are cordially invited to attend..

cordially : 진심으로

We are pleased to invite you to the grand opening of our store in Busan
We are pleased to invite you to a special dinner for our valued clients
We are pleased to invite you to the going-away party for Charlie Shin
We are pleased to invite you to a demonstration of our new model.




We are pleased to invite you to the screening of our new documentary
The event will take place at our offices on Friday, March 2, at 2 pm
Please refer to the attached map.

take place : 개최하다
