[40]
Let's 동사원형 : ~ 하자

Let's order one quick
Let's go play tennis
Let's face it
Let's get this started as soon as possible
Let's get him a drink
Let's get serious, bro
Let's ask if anyone wants to do this
Let's go get some coffee
Yeah, I'd like to get an Americano. What about you?

[41]
It's not worth ~ 할 가치가 없어

It's not worth the effort
It's not worth it
It's not worth the risk
It's not worth spending that much money on this
It's not worth my time reading it
It's not worth building a wall
It's not worth living

It's not worth investing in the stock market
I'm willing to take a risk. I heard that the stock market is doing really well these days

[42]
I'm going to 동사원형 : 나는 ~ 할 거야

I'm going to order this dish and a beer
I'm going to take care of your dog while you're away
I'm going to be busy for next 2 weeks
I'm going to ask Jane out on a date
I'm going to tell you an interesting story that happened to me the order day
I'm going to give you some advice

I'm going to visit you tomorrow
I'm looking forward to it. Let me take you to this fancy restaurant

[43]
Speaking of ~ : ~ 얘기가 나와서 말인데

Speaking of which, did you know?
Speaking of parents, are you getting along with your parents?
Speaking of our project, that's due next Friday.
Speaking of hot girls, are you dating anyone hot?
Speaking of winning, let's see how you did yesterday

Wow! You look so different. Have you lost some weight?
Yeah. I have been working out for a year every single day.
Speaking of working out, where do you work out?

[44]
It's very hard to 동사원형 : ~ 하기가 참 어려워

It is very hard to seek out genuinely good restaurants
It is very hard to remove the stain
It is very hard to have a serious converstion wiht him.
It is very hard to get a reservation here
It is very hard change your job in this tough economy
It is very hard master English within a short period of time.
It is very hard live without you

I'm so tired these days. It's very hard to wake up in the morning
I think you should start working out

[45]
의문문 by any chance? : 혹시 ~ 이니?

Do you use the iPhone by any chance?
Did you make this by any chance?
Did you go there by any chance?
Have you met him by any chance?
Did you buy it by any chance?
Did  you stop by my house the other day by any chance?

Can you lend me $1000 by any chance?
Sure. Just make sure to pay me back by the end of this month

[46]
I'm familiar with : 나 ~을 잘 알아, ~ 경험이 있어

I'm familiar with the function called Siri on the iPhone
I'm familiar with this area
I'm familiar with his work
I'm familiar with the process
I'm familiar with this program
I'm familiar with working this way
Im familiar with how to use this product

You're familiar with most of these products, right?
Yes, But, it's still very hard to understand why we keep producing them. It's not worth it

[47]
I'm about to 동사원형 : 막 ~ 하려는 참이야, 막 ~ 하려고해
When I'm about to fall asleep, it sends out a voice message

I'm about to tell you a secret
I'm about quit
I'm about be a mother
I'm about change my mind
I'm about walk into a meeting
I'm about go see a doctor

I am about to get married. I'm nervous
You should be happy. I think you will be much happier than you are now

[48]
could possibly 동사원형 : ~일것 같은데

Artificial intelligence could possibly reign over us one day
What could possibly go wrong?
What could possibly take resposibility for this?
What could possibly be more important than family?
What could possibly matter more than this?
I'm doing the best I could possibly do.
What could possibly motivate you to write a book?

There's no way I could possibly forgive you
I know I did something wrong but I regret it. Please accept my apology

[49]
Wanna 동사원형 ~? ~ 하고 싶냐?

Wanna know the secret?
Wanna go there?
Wanna take a break?
Wanna go out for dinner?
Wanna become faster than now?
Wanna find out if I'm just kidding?
Wanna get something to eat?

I heard that place serves great food. Want to go there?
Let me check my schedule. Yeah. Let's go

[50]
You gotta (= You've gotta = You have to) 동사원형 : 너 꼭 ~해야 한다.

You gotta promise you won't tell anyone
You gotta be honest with me
You gotta fire him
You gotta talk to your mother about this
You gotta give me another chance
You gotta calm down
You gotta teach me how to control mind

I did something stupid this morning
You gotta tell me about it

[51]
What's it like ~ ? : ~ 는 어때?
What's it like living in the States?
What's it like dating one of the hottest girls in the world?
What's it like taking off your shoes and walking barefoot?
What's it like working for Google?
What's it like when you see one of your books come to life in a film?
What's it like to be the most handsome guy on the planet?

Hey, bro! What's it like placing first in this contest?
First, I can't even believe I won the contest. I'm just beyond words right now

[52]
I'm planning to 동사원형 : 나 ~할 계획이야

I'm planning to get a shot tomorrow
I'm planning to go on business trip to India next month.
I'm planning to propose to my girlfriend
I'm planning to get some rest once I'm done with this project
I'm planning to throw a big party for my father for his 70th birthday
I'm planning to get my degree abroad
I'm planning to go back my hometown to  help my parents

What are you planning to do this summer?
I'm planning to apply for an internship at Google

[53]
Now that 주어+동사 : ~ 하니깐, ~니까 말인데

Now that you mention it, you look like you put on 10 kilograms
Now that I got a pretty decent job, I think I can start saving some money
Now that you know you want to be a doctor, you gotta start to study really hard.
Now that I have a kid, I should start making even more money than before
Now that we have some time to talk, I just want you to know I really care about you

Now that I know she wants to go out with me, I will just give her a call to ask her out on a date
That sounds great, Just do it

[54]
You look like (동)명사/주어+동사
You look like you put on 10 kilograms
You look like you're ready to have a great time 
You look like you've been super busy 
You look like you haven't even aged at all
You look like you've been working the whole day
You look like you know what you're doing
You look like you're getting excited 

You look like you're getting scared. What's going on?
Actually, I have a job interview with Google, for my dream job 

[55]
Why don't you (we) 동사원형 ~? ~ 하는건 어때? ~ 해 봐
Why don't you start working out?

Why don't you get some sleep?
Why don't you take a semester off to study English?
Why don't you relax and take a deep breath?
Why don't you sit down and enjoy the meal?
Why don't you take some notes so you can review later?
Why don't you stay here with me until you find your apartment?

Why don't you you get some rest? You look really tired.
I wish I could but I have an essay due tomorrow

[56]
I'm bad at (=I'm not good at) 내가 ~는 잘못해
I'm bad at being consistent.

I'm bad at relationships
I'm bad at planning my future
I'm bad at multitasking
I'm bad at telling jokes
I'm bad at remembering people's names
I'm bad at technology

I hate math. I'm bad at math. You gotta teach me how to get better at it
You just need to keep working on it. That's it

[57]
What should I 동사원형 ~ ? 나 뭐 ~ 해야 해?

What should I do with it?
What should I say?
What should I wear to an interview?
What should I study in college?
What should I bring to his party?
What should I do with my free time?
What should I do with my life?

I'm not happy with my job. What should I do?
I think you should take a vacation off work. Taking time for yourself can help you relieve stress

[58]
How about (동)명사/주어+동사?
How about a box full of cash?

How about starting a conversation with your parents?
How about exercise and meditation?
How about I teach you how to use this?
How about getting some snacks?
How about meeting tomorrow to discuss this?
How about I take you out for dinner 

I'm not good at math. What should I do?
How about I teach you math and you teach me English?

[59]
주어 is/are the way to go ~ 가 진리지

Cash is the way to go, right?
Maybe starting your YouTube channel is the way to go
I think green is the way to go
Computer science major is the way to go
I think oranic food is the way to go
In this environment, learning English is the way to go
I don't have any evidence that this is the way to go

Obestiy is a big problem in this country. What should we go?
I think all-natural foods are the way to go

[60]
I wouldn't be able to 동사원형 : 나 ~ 못 할것 같아

I wouldn't be able to use it since it's my child's first paycheck
I wouldn't be able to pass this test.
I wouldn't be able to win the contest
I wouldn't be able to get this done without you
I wouldn't be able to relax if my teacher were there
I wouldn't be able to get up that early in the morning
I wouldn't be able to get there on time because I just got a new project

Can you make it to my wedding?
I thought I wouldn't be able to make it, but I think I can after all

[61]
I don't think they'll use the money
I don't think I can do it well
I don't think I can visit you this time
I don't think I can work here anymore
I don't think you can handle this paper work
I don't think you have a choice
I don't think he deserves this

Can you give me a hand with this?
I don't think I can. I'm tied up at the moment

[62]
Maybe you can 동사원형 : 아마 ~ 해도 될것 같은데.
Maybe you can give them a gift card

Maybe you can give this to someone else
Maybe you can forgive him this time
Maybe you can explain how to handle this problem
Maybe you can watch my kids while I'm away
Maybe you can come visit Korea sometime
Maybe you can help me. I'm looking for Luke

I think I lost my wallet. What should I do?
Maybe I can help you find it

[63]
It's been a month since I bought the bag

It's been 5 years now 
It's been a while since we met
It's been tough several months around here 
It's been a long time since I graduated from college 
It's been busier than I've thought 
It's been crazy at work for past few weeks

It's been just 10 years since I had my first job
Time flies. Maybe we could celebrate our 10-year anniversary.

[64]
Are you sure 주어+동사? 진짜 ~인거야?
Are you sure it's not a scam?

Are you sure you don't want to go to college?
Are you sure you are done with eating?
Are you sure you don't want something more?
Are you sure we should do this?
Are you sure you're okay?
Are you sure you haven't seen him?

We haven't seen each other for more than a year. Are you sure you miss me?
No way. I don't miss you at all

[65]
Are you sure 주어+동사? 진짜 ~인거야?

I'm petty sure I wasn't ripped off
I'm pretty sure (that) you can handle this well
I'm pretty sure (that) I locked the door
I'm pretty sure (that) he is not a doctor
I'm pretty sure (that) it was an accident
I'm pretty sure (that) I can make it to the final round of interviews
I'm pretty sure (that) she is cheating on her husband

Are you sure you are gonna fight with that guy over there?
I am pretty sure. He has been staring at me since we got here.

[66]
You must be worried sick
You must be hungry
You must be pretty nervous about something
You must be joking
You must be pretty upset
You must be out of your mind.

I have walked all the way home
Oh my gosh. You must be so tired. How about I take you out for dinner?

[67]
It says something about customs
It says NO SMOKING HERE
It says honesty is the best policy
It says you can master any language within 28 days
It says you should work in teams
It says here that the first meeting takes place on May 1st.
It says customers are responsible for all damages.

Here it says "No outside food or drink allowed"
Maybe we can hide food in the bag. I'm pretty sure we are safe
